**Background** Uber Eats has revolutionized food delivery since its launch. The company takes up a 29% market share of all the food delivery services, surpassing $8 billion in revenues and $30 billion in gross bookings by the end of 2021. Nevertheless, Uber Eats has yet to report any profits and the business is losing money every year. The biggest part of the expense for Uber Eats involves paying the drivers, a cost that’s based primarily on the distance the drivers travel. Therefore, their current food delivery strategy must be studied to evaluate the trade-offs, and potential optimization models with mixed-integer linear programs will be developed. These models will be used to determine the assignments of drivers to orders based on estimates of their best-possible delivery routes to minimize delivery expense and
better support the business. 

**Analysis**
In this analysis, optimization models were developed to help food delivery platforms select routes to minimize the total travel distance and meet a specified customer waiting time limit. First, the base model (Part 1) considering one driver is built to demonstrate the results in the simplest setting. Secondly, a revised model (Part 2) that considers food availability time is built, and the trade-off between total travelling distance and the customer waiting time limit is observed. To further make the circumstance more realistic, more drivers are added to the next model (Part 3), and the same trade-off from the previous model is found again; also, due to the complexity of the routes, the model runtime increases drastically. To overcome the scaling issue, the final model (part 4) incorporated a restaurant clustering heuristic (k-mean clustering) followed by linear programming to form a balance between the optimization and the model applicability. Although just adding the heuristic doesn’t make the model usable on a large scale, limitations are still present that must be worked out such as making the max customer wait time more
comparable to competitors. As well as determining what restaurant cut-off leads to the smallest distance on average when comparing many test sets, to reduce base fare expenses. However, this model is applicable on a small scale and can be resolved many times throughout the day, making it an excellent base model that could eventually lead to Uber Eats becoming profitable. 
