In this project, optimization models are built to help Monteviu determine the price of a new booster pack for the mobile game, Ninja Crush Saga, to maximize revenue generation. In the first part, a single optimal price for the pack is determined based on the demand and pricing data for a sample of 10,000 customers. Based on this price, the expected revenue for the total customer base of 2,000,000 is $2,201,235. To determine a more personalised price, customers are segmented into three segments based on their purchasing behavior and demographics. The total expected revenue based on different prices for these segments is $3,166,107.82. The multi-price strategy is better in terms of revenue. However, charging different prices for different segments might cause customer dissatisfaction. To counter this problem, in the second part, the same base price is used for all players while offering a personalized discount to each segment as a part of a 2-day campaign. At the optimal price of $10, the expected revenue from the participating customers (10%) is $152,421.64. If the same discount is offered to all three segments, the expected revenue is $143,085. 
The total revenue from a personalized strategy with or without discount offers is always higher than that from a single-price strategy; thus, it is recommended to apply customized prices within different segments of the player base if Ninja Crush Saga is looking to maximize revenue. The major drawback of the multi-price strategy is that there may be customer dissatisfaction if customers from one segment notice the price for another segment is lower. Although, offering a personalised discount helps resolve that problem, however, it still doesn’t yield the highest revenue. To investigate the effect of charging different prices on customer satisfaction, data from the launch of an earlier product needs to be analysed and the trade-offs need to be quantified.
